https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kN6OPdy3W0E # i prevail: theres fear in letting go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEaaqnXqhYw # bmth: drown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jN0aELsVQFA # bmth: 1x1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNaYpBpRJOY # bmth: avalanche
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4552tadeuM # bmth sigrid: bad life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mx6XVBeyED8 # ^ acoustic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ow_qI_F2ZJI # bmth: throne
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJJYpsA5tv8 # bmth: can you feel my heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-k9qDxyxS3s # bmth: shadow moses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKyXvNkGQKc # bmth: kingslayer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxcxyGDD38E # bmth ed sheeran: bad habits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuzlYAMwwJY # ^ live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jjl2aomHrLQ # bmth: the only butterflies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5uV3gmOH9g # bmth: teardrops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7hVM8CFsGE # bmth: idk what to say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lir3dzYIhz0 # bmth: sleepwalking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpmJh2CjSIA # bmth: true friends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpwCJzPlz8k # tdg: i hate everything about you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YXX5snXGg8 # tdg: break
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqds0B_meys # tdg: animal i have become
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04fQTmvFfGo # tdg: just like you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lL2ZwXj1tXM # tdg: never too late
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0542sqNPPOY # ^ cover (first to eleven)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGE381tbQa8 # patd: this is gospel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jO2_3pVd5k0 # ^ acoustic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPXIgEAGe4U # patd: high hopes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOgpdp3lP8M # patd: ballad of mona lisa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=piKG6j4E65E # patd: emperors new clothes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3GBJZzPkYQ # patd: i write sins not tragedies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXYiU_JCYtU # lp: numb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVTXPUF4Oz4 # lp: in the end
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dmQ3QWpy1Q # lp: heavy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysSxxIqKNN0 # lp: new divide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYU-8IFcDPw # lp: faint
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tm8LGxTLtQk # lp: one more light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8sgycukafqQ # lp: what ive done
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NjdgcHdzvac # lp: lying from you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpC0SKU6O00 # lp: figure 09
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHECKcnloCE # lp: papercut
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUpu7618KrM # logic: everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cycUHgg0zzU # logic: 1800
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2NIMHVmGwk # logic: flexicution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTDb0ebFh8E # logic joyner lucas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfqsEpjEtrw # logic eminem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1arz9Q9qBas # joyner lucas eminem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KB5yDzc5a98 # nf alone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSeBpKHHwJQ # nf all i have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Po5zT1krKOc # nf real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0501BTnbrxg # nf let you down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDGJGSc_iLE # nf i just wanna know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lMq21WQbKE # nf therapy session
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJzaYLc4pPY # nf no name
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0BXMUdyIKA # nf the search
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhqpflBkRrk # nf paid my dues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shS4_CNYvX8 # nf when i grow up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fibYknUCIU4 # nf clouds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSAGLJckRWM # nf story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1ZVSFfCk9g # nf time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWLZ_MrPplk # nf till the day i die
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXSF1QZA6Wo # nf epiphany
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7MyoBki9wk # soko teno
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nl4Z5f4QwEY # soko gou
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_fmW9RPCqM # paramore still into you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3x4weajfqm0 # kritikal green and purple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tU_ZB_0eX2I # pent greatest showman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5ltJ33V9JI # pent daft punk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SyOx0K369ao # pent ceiling cat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rCQJmVaQpg # pent wizard of ahhhs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ShOCE6qRTZs # pent radioacive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHTBpseFU98 # pent hallelujah
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wuc2mfe2Yg # pent sound of diam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFTu5OFgcqk # pent joy to the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Azwy3KNhU00 # pent royals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43Z3IoXwpfw # pent rather be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=furPhaTJWCg # pent mary did you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-P1hJyUdr2w # pent havana
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YxaaGgTQYM # bring me to life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V08epMK0ia4 # the megas the belmonts bloody tears
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_XjG28uja1Y # metaroom purge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXIqXaX1blY # lena raine farewell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTIeaqNXseY # lena raine starjump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukgvTE3A0Ic # owl city to the sky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qM1YMeDsc-M # owl city when can i see you again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBgl4rVz3Ks # owl city fireflies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVudRvCCNF8 # laufey fragile
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjuBbMW3FN4 # ^ acoustic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_F9IO9Plldc # graham kartna browser history
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAwlRgwtBmY # benjamin kheng fresh feelings 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsjZxdLn6WU # ^ choir
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SyOV7w9j61o # dearest hue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1Pl8CzNzCw # bil eil lovely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSdR4gFumps # more bells and whistles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Al0rM1P45s # ^ modernised
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqkLYTBUkE0 # globus europa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6uX0MWetHA # ^ instrumental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGXzlRoNtHU # dj khaled all i do is win
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzbiXCj1k44 # i heard someone crying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViL66pqdEqc # peritune departure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJpt1hSYf2o # chris tomlin our god live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=182xcb3GyOg # chris tomlin christmas day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-P8pUCV5MI # chris tomlin forevermore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AeVU_EzagZc # winter full score from the maker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wt0hoTbzsOo # tom prof we turn our eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mk48xRzuNvA # hall of fame
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WR7fwMM5ccc # starbound i was the sun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3ak_il8E8E # professor layton theme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7U3fWvZo0Y # ^ band cover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbzexZ9_bvY # evoland 2 fighting magus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DChHEf0lpEE # charlene soraia wherever ou will go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XeI8E20ZUE4 # brave shine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngm99aJh7ig # last stardust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YV31rseUuKc # hollow world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v686vG5PSac # avril lavigne head above water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjZgI11x7mQ # ^ cover (first to eleven)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49UECxXcG_c # aquaria remains
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gvSmXqEg-w # aquaria the traveller
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXbVxct-5os # aquaria cathedral
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJ09pSuA9hw # lindsey stirling underground
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osM6kfArvr8 # tauren wells love is action
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o15X2yZ1LT8 # tauren wells famous for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nRATH_g2W4 # starfield i will go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGyEd0aKWZE # ellie goulding burn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rg6CiPI6h2g # pokemon theme song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZ3hSHOoOkc # theEDGE have it all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZ9CVmLYwOA # blank dream ost memories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nP-AAlZlCkM # laura shigihara everythings alright
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_F0-q1jeReY # laura shigihara wish my life away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Od8BNEUP4y0 # kan gao time is a place
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4ReyoNpyrM # ballad of the goddess
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnQVbYi3dXM # tom prof mary did you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntMRNM8yhKg # ^ but jordan smith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Hi-VMxT6fc # amanda cook you make me brave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAL4WMpBNs0 # ddlc your reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPA0z4W-kcU # century egg bois
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNWZdoCgbCQ # sally face
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhpRipG9Zss # katawaredoki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0VfnqLUs8M # helion prime life finds a way 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aH5NLgMIrvk # goofy goober rock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60ItHLz5WEA # alan walker faded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-P4QBt-FWw # alan walker darkside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhYOPzcsbGM # alan walker on my way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGsUe2Irqas # stained glass masquarade
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CoW2Owa5A8c # walls glory plant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjvaJH8aRc0 # gurenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxQjmKoiTVQ # love won't let me down 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6UQRYaKLQZo # phenomena da da
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loRA5XxACcw # mgmt september
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrTWjrYYxBU # lose yourself to the blue sky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXLAzsNT-Kk # plant devoted to you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtfXl7TZTac # yoasobi racing into the night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVKbF8khsrI # daft punk robot rock oh yeah
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Im6Fsd92n3k # daft punk da funk daftendirekt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fllyJTBsRU # daft punk around the world harder better faster stronger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fgv66f6GK8 # heavy light


















